h2. Fancy Image Gallery

h3. What is it?

Image Gallery for Wolf CMS with Jquery FancyBox plugin for effects.
Current version is 0.8.4 (Wolf 0.7.0+)
For Wolf 0.6.0 use version 0.8.3_w6
For Wolf 0.5.5 use version 0.7.3
Website: <a href="http://project79.net/projects/fancy-image-gallery">Project 79</a>

h3. What can it do?

# Create thumbnails from images by just typing the name of the folder that contains images eg. myfolder/ (all done from backend)
# Display your gallery with simple <code><?php fancy('myfolder/'); ?></code> function in body part of page
# Display collection of galleries with thumbs as links

Eg.

bc. <?php fancy_parent('myfolder/', 'gallery/first-gallery/'); ?>

This will show the first thumbnail from "myfolder" and link it like this "http://mysite.com/gallery/first-gallery"
	
If you want (and I assume you do) to show more then one gallery, you can display it like this:
	
bc. <?php fancy_parent('myfolder/', 'gallery/first-gallery/'); ?>
<?php fancy_parent('myfolder2/', 'gallery/second-gallery/'); ?>
	etc...
		
This is tested with more than 10 galleries, and works with no problem, but I think you'll should not have problems with even more.

h3. Setup

# Unzip "fancyimagegallery.zip" into wolf/plugins/ directory
# Login to your backend
# Go to Administration and enable the plugin
# Read the Documentation page to see what else you need to do to set up whole gallery

h3. Documentation

After enabling the plugin, you'll find all neccessery documentation under "Fancy Image Gallery" tab. Read it before you start using the gallery.
For more visual tutorials visit http://project79.net
	
h3. Notes

This plugin is tested and works without any problems. 
Please read the documentation before starting to do anything.
If you bump into trouble with it, post an e-mail or post on Wolf's forum under Third-party / User contributed Plugins.

h3. Licence

This plugin is licensed under the GPLv3 License and it is free for personal and non-profit use.
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>

Developer: Sanja Andjelkovic <sanja@medio.com.hr>
Coder: Dejan Andjelkovic <dejan@medio.com.hr>
Copyright 2009-2010, http://medio.com.hr

h3. Changelog

h4. Version 0.8.4 (December 2010)

* Russian translation added (thanks to Konstantin Baev)
* Some extra files removed

h4. Version 0.8.3 (August 2010)

* Changes in xhtml code and some minor coding bugs (thanks to Fortron)
* Dutch translation fixed (again thanks to Fortron)

h4. Version 0.8.2 (August 2010)

* All translations are recoded into UTF-8 without BOM (thanks to Fortron)
* Added Dutch translation

h4. Version 0.8.1

* Added sorting for images either alphabeticaly (apple.jpg, beans.jpg, hog.jpg ... zed.jpg ) or numericaly (1.jpg, 2-bread.jpg, 3-banana.jpg ... 99-end.jpg)
* Added Spanish translation
* Fixed support for "BASE_URL" aka. now you don't need to have MOD_REWRITE turned on
* Tested succesfully with 0.7.0 beta

h4. Version 0.8.0

* Fixed minor glitches with paths
* Fancybox plugin updated to it's latest version (1.3.0)
* Tested with jQuery 1.4.1 (everything works!)
* Added extra options for image effects (see Documentation)
* Changed the default image size for "fancy_parent" function. Now looks more appropriate
* Css file rewritten (see Documentation)
* Documentation page updated

h4. Version 0.7.3

* Minor bugs fixed including support for re-uploading images with uppercase extensions and re-creating gallery

h4. Version 0.7.2

* Fixed issue that caused multiple thumb creation when you add new images to existing gallery

h4. Version 0.7.1

* Fixed issue that was causing gallery to froze when extension was written with uppercase letter (.JPG, .PNG or .GIF) instead of lowercase